Added option to init command, ask for devEmail. (#1226)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where running **format** on feed integration generated invalid parameter structure.
* Fixed an issue where the **generate-docs** command did not add all the used scripts in a playbook to the README file.
* When formatting playbooks, the **format** command will now remove empty fields from SetIncident, SetIndicator, CreateNewIncident, CreateNewIndicator script arguments.

> * Added an option that **init** command, ask for devEmail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an option to fill in the developer email when running the **init** command.
```
